 # CategorySequelizeRepository

The `CategorySequelizeRepository` class is an implementation of the `ICategoryRepository` interface, which defines the methods that a repository for the `Category` entity must implement.
This repository uses the Sequelize ORM to interact with a relational database.

## Properties

The `CategorySequelizeRepository` class has the following properties:

- `sortableFields`: An array of strings that represents the fields that can be used to sort the results of a search.

## Methods

The `CategorySequelizeRepository` class has the following methods:

- `insert(entity: Category)`: This method inserts a new `Category` entity into the database.
It receives a `Category` entity as an argument and uses the `create()` method of the `CategoryModel` to insert the entity into the database.
The `create()` method takes an object as an argument, which represents the data that will be inserted into the database.
The object must have the following properties:

  - `category_id`: The ID of the category.
  - `name`: The name of the category.
  - `description`: The description of the category.
  - `is_active`: A boolean value that indicates whether the category is active or not.
  - `created_at`: The date and time when the category was created.

- `bulkInsert(entities: Category[])`: This method inserts multiple `Category` entities into the database.
It receives an array of `Category` entities as an argument and uses the `bulkCreate()` method of the `CategoryModel` to insert the entities into the database.
The `bulkCreate()` method takes an array of objects as an argument, which represents the data that will be inserted into the database.
Each object must have the same properties as the object that is passed to the `create()` method.

- `update(entity: Category)`: This method updates an existing `Category` entity in the database.
It receives a `Category` entity as an argument and uses the `update()` method of the `CategoryModel` to update the entity in the database.
The `update()` method takes an object as an argument, which represents the data that will be updated in the database.
The object must have the following properties:

  - `category_id`: The ID of the category.
  - `name`: The name of the category.
  - `description`: The description

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.blackbox.ai)
